Replace ggpy with plotnine (#1330)
vinta/awesome-python: README.md

* [bqplot](https://github.com/bloomberg/bqplot) - Interactive Plotting Library for the Jupyter Notebook
* [Dash](https://plot.ly/products/dash/) - Built on top of Flask, React and Plotly aimed at analytical web applications.
    * [awesome-dash](https://github.com/Acrotrend/awesome-dash)

> * [plotnine](https://github.com/has2k1/plotnine) - Same API as ggplot2 for R.

Reviewer: Hello @JarnoRFB,

It's probably worth to update the description as well.

```suggestion
* [plotnine](https://github.com/has2k1/plotnine) - A grammar of graphics for Python.
```

This suggestion is based on plotnine's description on GitHub and PyPI.

Author: I would probably keep the reference to `ggplot2` as lack of it is often one of the main complaints of people coming form R, so I would hope that more people could find it here. See updated PR for suggestion.

> * [plotnine](https://github.com/has2k1/plotnine) -  A grammar of graphics for Python based on ggplot2.

Reviewer: Please remove a redundant whitespace character.
```suggestion
* [plotnine](https://github.com/has2k1/plotnine) - A grammar of graphics for Python based on ggplot2.
```
